Copyright (C) 2020 AryToNeX/Naomi Calabretta
All Rights Reserved unless otherwise explicitly stated.
 
Parts of RevengeOS' UI are licensed under the terms and conditions below

                       TERMS AND CONDITIONS

  0. Definitions.
  
  "Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of
works, such as semiconductor masks.

  "Design" and its plural form refer to any copyrightable work licensed
under this License. Each licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees",
"users" and "recipients" may be individuals or organizations.

  "Project" refers to any work which can make use of the design.

  "The Author" refers to the original creator of this design and it's
source code. 

  To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work
in a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an
exact copy. The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the
earlier work or a work "based on" the earlier work.

  A "covered work" means either the unmodified Design or a work based
on the Design.

  To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without
permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement
under applicable copyright law, except executing it on a computer or
modifying a private copy.  Propagation includes copying, distribution
(with or without modification), making available to the public, and in
some countries other activities as well.

  To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other
parties to make or receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through a
computer network, with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.


  1. Redistribution

  Public propagation of the designs or parts of them are only allowed
following explicit permission by the Author of the original design.


  2. Private and Public Modifications

  Private and public modifications of this design require explicit permission
from the original author. In order for the modification to be applicable for
redistribution, it has to contain a certain amount of original work by the user.
This modified version has to use the same license as the original design.
  Furthermore the original design and its author have to be clearly
credited. Any means of monetization through this modified version is
strictly prohibited unless explicit permission by the original design's
author is given.


  3. Usage of this design or parts of it as part of another, original design or project

  Using this design or parts of its source code as part of another, original
design or project requires explicit permission from the original author.
  Furthermore this design, its author and the parts used have to be
clearly credited. Additionally, any means of monetization on this modified
version are prohibited unless explicit permission is given.


  4. Liability

  The design is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express
or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the
author or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other
liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from,
out of or in connection with the design or the use or other dealings in the
design.

  5. Disclaimer

  This License and its terms are subject to change and review at any time
by this design's author.
